In their last lecture we have removed this wrapping with that data as the top most property of the returned
Jason.
So now you just get an array with all the resources serialized to Jason but this is not being always
returned without wrapping and one of the cases is where you use power nation.
So that's a very useful thing to split the resources the collection of resources that you are returning
into some chunks.
And this makes sense when you have large collections.
So how to pollinate all this resources.
It's very simple in light of all you all you have to do is to use the built in Boggy Nate method.
So you will call that instead of the Get because Geb is returning the whole collection.
So let's check it out.
So we'll just call pollinate and now even though you have disabled wrapping for all resources you still
get that data parameter.
And the reason for that is that when you putting out your collection it has to contain some additional
information.
And this is actually very useful because you've got links and this is a link to display all the comments
from the page one which is the first page from the last page.
Notice this additional page parameter that is automatically being appended to the URL stub a lot of
it is returning.
So this means you can simply use this you URLs and specify a page parameter and then a lot of VO will
automatically split this collection and get only those elements that match the actual page of the results.
Then there is the additional metadata which is containing the current page.
This from and two parameters which specify how many items you actually have in this page.
The last page parameter per page and the total number of elements.
So that's actually very useful.
Now in this case we happen to have only seven comments for this particular comment.
So well if you have less than seven.
Just try to find a blog post that has more comments so you can do something useful with this lecture
and the how to configure how many elements you want per page.
This is I think you will probably often like to use so it's very simple you just need to pass a parameter
of the first parameter to plug in it is actually specifying how many items you want per page specified
five save the changes.
And now let's see what do we get now actually you can see that the last page E two which means we have
two pages and this are the first five comments.
So to get to the next page let's copy this URL and open this link in the next stop.
But this time will specify a page parameter and now we should only have to comment resources and also
it should be visible that we are on the page too.
So this is actually magical in light of all the only thing you had to do e to call the pudgy Nate on
the query.
And because this works on the local level so it's not that you get all the elements are returned and
then on the lava in P B tries to split this into chunks it actually is producing specific queries.
So you are not fetching excessive elements.
It does this on deck where a level.